1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

> Viewing the diff identified which lines were
> changed from version to version. By viewing
> fewer lines, it was easier to detect the typo
> "spacr."

2. How could having easy access to the entire history
of a file make you a more efficient programmer 
in the long term?

>Rather than rewrite code every time I screw up, I
>could simply open up an earlier version of a 
>script that I wrote before I messed up my code.


3. What do you think are the pros and cons of 
manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions 
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

> Pros: flexibility, commits can be tied to 
logic and reasons for creating different versions.
> Cons: Human error: you can forget to committ for 
too long or can commit at inappropriate times.

Why do you think some version control systems, 
like Git, allow saving multiple files in one 
commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat 
each file separately?

>Programmers sometimes work with multiple
interrelated files that need to be updated
simulatneously. For managing different versions,
it would be a lot easier to track multiple commits
of codependent scripts. In the case of Google docs,
word docs and spreadsheets are more or less self-
contained and do not need multiple commits.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff
to view the history of files?

>git log will show you a record of all the commits
made to a file with times and comments on particular
changes. With git diff, you can compare a early
verion to a later version to identify which changes
have been made.

How might using version control make you more
confident to make changes that could break 
something?

>I can always checkout different commits in my
repository, allowing me to identify what broke
my code and revert back to safe versions.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

>I would like to use git to manage different versions
of my .bash_profile. I also want to start committing
different versions of my LPTHW projects and get
stuff up on github.




